README.md, before:

### Web site name is a `House Chair`

### `Web Site Live Link`

[Live Link](https://theme-park-tp.web.app)

### Holulu Theme Park Details.

> A park is an area of natural, semi-natural or planted space set aside for human enjoyment and recreation or for the protection of wildlife or natural habitats. Urban parks are green spaces set aside for recreation inside towns and cities. National parks and country parks are green spaces used for recreation in the countryside. State parks and provincial parks are administered by sub-national government states and agencies. Parks may consist of grassy areas, rocks, soil and trees, but may also contain buildings and other artifacts such as monuments, fountains or playground structures. Many parks have fields for playing sports such as baseball and football, and paved areas for games such as basketball. Many parks have trails for walking, biking and other activities. Some parks are built adjacent to bodies of water or watercourses and may comprise a beach or boat dock area. Urban parks often have benches for sitting and may contain picnic tables and barbecue grills.

### Simple Web Page Info and `Web Page Working`

- This is a natural park.
- This web page 3 private route.
- You are place order our booking system.
- Web page add all order show `All Order`.
- Personal add to cart your email all list to `My Order`.
- You are add to new service `Add New`.

Commit message:

all added successfully today up come next day

README.md, after:

## Web site name is a `House Chair`

### `Web Site Live Link`

[Live Link Client](https://assignment-12-345f8.web.app) |
[Live API Link](https://lit-badlands-47254.herokuapp.com)

### Chair Shop Details.

> Chairs can be made from wood, metal, or other strong materials, like stone or acrylic. In some cases, multiple materials are used to construct a chair; for example, the legs and frame may be made from metal and the seat and back may be made from plastic. Chairs may have hard surfaces of wood, metal, plastic, or other materials, or some or all of these hard surfaces may be covered with upholstery or padding. The design may be made of porous materials, or be drilled with holes for decoration; a low back or gaps can provide ventilation. The back may extend above the height of the occupant's head, which can optionally contain a headrest. Chairs can also be made from more creative materials, such as recycled materials like cutlery and wooden play bricks, pencils, plumbing tubes, rope, corrugated cardboard, and PVC pipe.

### Simple Web Page Info and `Web Page Working`

- This is a chair shop.
- This web site two part `admin` and `normal user`.
- Normal user use to dashboard `payment,review,my order` show.
- Normal user just show all product and his/her order cancel.
- Normal user created by `review`.
- Add a new product just `admin` added.
- Admin Login Home Page Show `manage all order, add product, make admin, manage product`
- Admin email and password `admin@admin.com` and `123456`.
- Personal add to cart your email all list to `My Order`.
- You are add to new service `Add New`.
